Previously on
"Thunderbirds Are Go"...
With the Chaos Crew on the loose,
we could use all the help we can get.
- It's called a rescue-operation robot.
- Colonel Casey wants
the GDF to start being more
useful in the rescue department.
So they're going replace us with robots?
Captain Rigby
has been given the sole task
of tracking down
The Hood and his Chaos Crew.
You're a hard person to
catch, but not impossible.
Space, I got Echo 247.
Mayday, mayday!
I read you, Echo 247.
This is International Rescue.
We are falling to Earth
and our engine is offline!
Sit tight, Echo 247.
Help is on the way.
International Rescue,
we have a situation.
Did somebody say "space rescue"?
I'm on it.
Actually, he just said "situation".
Close enough. See you in space.
Never mind, Alan. The GDF robot has
the situation under control.
This is the most embarrassing
moment of my life.
5...
4...
3...
2...
...1.
Thunderbirds are go!
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~
- I'm sick of scrubbing missions!
- Maybe this is the new normal.
Yeah, but it's been two days
since the robots were fully deployed.
And since then, we've had zero rescues.
- Not even a cat up a tree.
- I'm telling you. We've been replaced.
Before long, our robot overlords
will be controlling everything.
Please, stay calm.
Bot guard is here to rescue you.
Do you require medical assistance?
She hasn't said a word in two days.
We need her to tell us where Fuse
and The Hood are hiding.
You won't get anything useful out
of Havoc.
I'm not getting anything useful
standing here either.
Let's try this again.
Where's that brother of yours
hiding out? Huh?
It was a hologram!
Kayo! Sound the alarm.
SOS! A ship is adrift.
This is the Global Defence Force.
GDF robots are on the way.
Thank you, GDF!
It's a pretty bad oil spill.
My partner is inside the tank.
Please stay calm. GDF robots are
being sent to your location.
Thank you, GDF!
- Anything?
- Plenty, but the GDF has everything under control.
I think we may be out of a job.
Hold on, I'm picking
up an automated distress
beacon from the high-altitude
civilian-transfer station.
That's the place with the new
tourist space elevator.
Impressive technology, but
something is wrong with the rotor blades
that keep its platform flying.
- That could be serious.
- Really serious.
This is how it usually looks,
and this is what it will look like
if we don't help.
Then I'd say we have a job to do.
Alan? You...
Oh... never mind. Bot's on the way.
Argh!
Oh!
You feel that? We stopped moving.
You think it's serious?
This is International Rescue.
We're monitoring your situation
and assistance is on the way.
Yolu hear that? International
Rescue is coming to save us.
Actually, uh...
the GDF is sending a robot.
How did she hide the
tech to pull this off?
We searched Havoc six times before
she went into that holding cell.
No-one is blaming you, captain.
Even with all our intel, Havoc
has a lot of tricks up her sleeve.
She let herself be captured.
Havoc is up to something here.
Then we'd better catch
her before she finds it.
That's more like it.
Hello again.
Are you sure someone is coming?
Technically, it's some thing.
I don't see a robot, do you?
International Rescue,
we may have a situation.
- Another one?
- No, it's the same as before.
It's the GDF robots. They're at the
high-altitude station
- but something doesn't look right.
- Yeah!
It's called saving the day
when we should be up there.
That's just it... they're
not saving the day.
They're not saving anyone.
There's two of us and one of her.
We can take her.
Oh, I'm sure you can.
Might as well let you
throw me back into that cell,
but you'll have to do a better job
searching me this time,
soldier boy.
Get back!
I need GDF Flyers in pursuit, now!
We have a bit of a problem
with our plane, sir.
I'll go after them, you catch up.
Go get 'em, Kayo.
Can somebody please find me a plane?
The robots seem to be caught in
what's called a feedback loop.
Their programming detects
two rescue situations of equal
importance and they
can't decide between the two.
What, so they do nothing?
A human wouldn't be having
this problem. I'm going up there.
We all are, Alan.
See you in the sky.
Yes! International
Rescue, back in action.
5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
Thunderbirds are go.
Thunderbird 3, you head up to the
elevators and evacuate the passengers.
The rest of us will try and relevel
that platform.
FAB.
Thunderbird Shadow to Rigby.
I've caught up to the Chaos Crew.
I'll maintain pursuit until you!'ll arrive.
Hello, Chaos Cruiser.
Nice to finally meet you.
- You don't look happy, sis.
- International Rescue are here for visit.
- You can go faster, right?
- Obviously.
They think they can go fast.
How cute.
Let me give it a go!
You think you're
a better pilot than me?
I'm not talking about flying.
Oh!
Thunderbird Shadow to London station.
Right here, Kayo.
Does any of your intel on the Chaos Cruiser
show boarding countermeasures?
Not that I could find.
You're in pursuit, I take it?
Affirmative.
Is everything all right?
I-It seems, we have
a situation of our own here.
Anything we can do to help?
I believe we have it under control.
Honestly, Parker.
How on earth?
No idea, milady!
I just found him this way.
Please stay calm.
I am here to rescue you.
Alright. I'm going to try to
get this thing horizontal again.
Thunderbird 1, there's an escape
plane on the far side of the station.
The pilot says there are two more
people inside the station.
He doesn't want to leave
until they get to the plane.
Okay. Tell that pilot to go.
I'll find the missing travellers.
- FAB.
- I'll take the sky pod over.
I can't wait to see
this thing in the air.
How come Scott gets all the best gear?
Sky pod is go.
All right!
Activating multi-launcher.
Firing mag clamps.
Positive contact.
Alright, let's move this thing.
Electromagnet activated.
Ahh!
- Oh. That's not going to work.
- We need those rotors back in sync.
Agreed. Feel like taking a walk?
- You mean out there?
- Rather I asked the robot to do it?
I'll use my gecko gloves.
Thunderbird 3 moving into position.
Uh... this just got a
little more complicated.
The elevators don't have an airlock.
Can I just cut them free?
The whole system is
perfectly balanced, remember?
If the cables break, the lower
platform crashes to the ground
and the upper one goes
hurtling into space.
- Okay, so I won't do that.
- What's it waiting for?
- She's still following us.
- You're not enjoying this?
All this flying around!
I'm bored.
We could always give this thing a go.
That's what you pinched
from the GDF, isn't it?
- Didn't the boss have plans for it?
- His plan was to cause chaos,
and that just happens
to be our speciality.
It controls those robots,
the rescue machines.
The GDF are about to regret ever
getting into the rescue business.
Warning - programming override detected.
All right, I found the rotor control.
Whoa!
Uh... Anyone want to
explain what just happened?
Are you in need of
a-a-a-a... assistance?
Whoa, back off!
I told you they had it in for me.
Are you in need of
a-a-a-a... assistance?
Yes, keeping away from you!
Virgil!
- You rang?
- Huh. Thanks, bro.
S-S-Show me that one!
Look at that!
Brains, how do we
shut these things down?
You can't, Virgil. Someone
has ordered their programming.
And I bet that someone is the Chaos Crew.
Demolition missiles it is.
Not even those can help you.
The robots are too well constructed.
Believe us, we know!
- Well, this is rather distressing.
- Ah! Are you kiddin'?
Are you in need of
a-a-a-a... assistance?
Get off!
I can confirm a robot-control
module has been stolen.
- Havoc.
- Right now, the Chaos Crew
is only causing robots to malfunction,
but if they somehow
gain total control...
The Hood will make the
robots into weapons.
Colonel Casey, if I get that stolen
control module back, will the robots stop?
It's the only way they will.
Then leave it to me.
We've got us a visitor.
Invite her in, then.
The elevator cables are
starting to crush the cars.
- Any way to pull them apart?
- One way to find out.
Oh!
Alright. Now let me see if I can pull
a few strings to help you out.
Very funny, Alan.
Kayo to Rigby.
I'm on the bridge but no-one's home.
You know, it's not polite to come
aboard at a ship without permission.
I won't be staying long.
True, that.
Don't let her escape!
Are you in need of
a-a-a-a... assistance?
Oh!
Are you in need of
a-a-a-a... assistance?
Stay behind me.
Please stay calm.
Thank you, International Rescue!
You have no idea how
nice it is to hear that.
Phew! Great work, Kayo.
You too, MAX.
Bah! Metal menace.
Uh, guys, I'm not sure how much
longer I can hold these things.
Manoeuvring rotors are back in sync.
You can let go now.
We're going back down!
Are you in need of assistance?
Uh, no, we've got this.
Have a nice day.
Huh. Unbelievable.
Given recent events, I've decided to
suspend the robot programme.
The GDF will find other
ways to help you when we can.
Thank you, Colonel.
Mm, it was a good idea in theory,
but machines can't think like people.
- Oh. No offence, MAX.
- None taken, I'm sure.
It's true thou... the human
brain is a remarkable thing.
Our capacity for abstract thinking
and problem-solving has no equal.
Hard to imagine something so precious
could be wasted on people like
The Hood and the Chaos Crew.
- Any new leads?
- Aside from a scan of their ship
and its capabilities, not much,
but I get the feeling The Hood has them
up to something even bigger than
taking over rescue robots.
Oh, cheer up.
That won't be the last time my
niece gets the better of you.
- You're not upset?
- On the contrary.
Considering your
breaking-in period complete.
I have big plans for the two of you,
and Havoc got what I really wanted
from the GDF, didn't you?
They're keeping him here.
It's called the Hex.
A space station.
My signals won't be reaching him there.
- Do you want us to pick him up?
- No, not yet, but soon.
I still need The Mechanic.
The GDF won't be able
to keep him safe forever.
subtitles by Deluxe
sync & correction by f1nc0
~ Addic7ed.com ~